Fix broken links and describe new FileManager API (#360)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxFileManager/1 Configuration/upload/chunkSize.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies a chunk size in bytes.

---

> The FileManager can upload large files in parts. The widget divides a file into parts and sends them in separate requests. 

Reviewer: > The FileManager can upload large files in parts. The widget divides a file into parts

Sounds repetitive to me.

```suggestion
The **FileManager** can divide a large file in parts and upload them in separate requests. 
```

---

##### jQuery

    $(function () {
        $("#file-manager").dxFileManager({
            upload: {
                chunkSize: 500000
            },
            // ...
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-file-manager id="fileManager">
        <dxo-upload [chunkSize]="500000"></dxo-upload>
        <!-- ... -->
    </dx-file-manager>

>     <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->

Reviewer: This file can be skipped.

            AppComponent
        ],
        imports: [
            BrowserModule,
            DxFileManagerModule
        ],
        //...
    })
    export class AppModule { }    

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxFileManager>   
            <DxUpload :chunk-size="500000" />
        </DxFileManager>
    </template>
    <script>
        import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
        import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';    
        
        import {
            DxFileManager,
            DxUpload
        } from 'devextreme-vue/file-manager';

        export default {
            components: {
                DxFileManager,
                DxUpload
            },
            data() {
                return {
                    //...
                };
            }            
        };
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';
    
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import FileManager, { Upload } from 'devextreme-react/file-manager';
    
    class App extends React.Component {
        render() {
            return (

>                 <FileManager >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <FileManager>
```
